Steps on how you can recreate corrupt profile


If you have user profile issue, this might probably due to the fact that another side has been created that is overide the default side in the registry.

You maybe edit the registry key if you know how to follow the steps.
The default sid will always end with 1000 but if you have something like this as the second sid 10001.bak it means there is duplicated
You have to renew the default one and add 1000.bak 

The duplicated one the state should be zero. 

Steps on how you can recreate corrupt profile

Second option. You can logon the machine that has the profile corrupted using the domain admin and go to the user profile and rename the user profile. 

Example if the user profile is j.thomson before you could rename it as j.thomsa.old, but still yet the user will not still be able to load,  but you can decided to copy the information needed on the profile 

The next step is to go the registry
Open run and type regedit>>>Local machine>>.software>>>microsoft>>>window NT>>currentversion>>>profilelist then explain it.

There you will be able to see the sid click on the sid you will able to see the profileimagepath with the name of the user
If Thompson was renamed the only thing you will do is to export the key to the desktop before deleting the key if case something went wrong you have to restored the key but be careful and make sure you are deleting the right key. 

After deleting the key, the only thing you have to do is to restart the computer and then try to login with the j.Thompson account

Then login with j.thompson account and if doesn't find the old profile it will try to create new profile account.

Then you will still have to again login with the admin account and copy over the information of j.thompson old profile to the new account. 

Go to the old profile, click on it and then copy it accordingly to the new profile. 

After that login with the J.thompson account


Basic scoping of user profile
	1. List the symptom of the issue
	2. What of user profile, local, roaming, RDS or mandatory
	3. Is it a new profile or an existing profile (content/availability/permission of NTUSER.DAT
	4. Is the issue with default profile( permission of the file)
	5. Do you observe any event in the application event logs

Error message
Error Could be the system could not find the path specified
Solution: you have to check if the path was changed and replace with with another path
Error The process cannot access the file because it is been used by another process

Access deny
In this aspect when there is duplicate folder you might have acess deny

The user profile service failed the sign-in( user profile cannot be load)
This could that the default profile is deleted( missing) any new user who logon cannot copy the default profile.
It could missing the NTUSER.DAT FILE, OR you do not have permission

Always check the event application logs

Temporary profile

This is when you have a profile but you are not able to load it


First the path is missing and second you got the folder but the ntuser.dat file is missing

TROUBLESHOOTING:
	1. A local profile 
	A local user profile is created the first time that a user logs on to a computer. The profile is stored on the computer's local hard disk.
	2. . It is stored on that specific device under, It includes the NTUSER.DAT file, which contains user-specific registry settings.
A roam profile stored on a central server this allow user to have access to any personalized settings and file from any computer within the network environment 
A roaming user profile is a copy of the local profile that is copied to, and stored on, a server share. This profile is downloaded to any computer that a user logs onto on a network

A mandatory user profile is a type of profile that administrators can use to specify settings for users. Only system administrators can make changes to mandatory user profiles.

A temporary profile is issued each time that an error condition prevents the user's profile from loading. Temporary profiles are deleted at the end of each session


	1. Is it a local profile or a roaming profile
	2. If it is a roaming profile do you mean that you have the profile on the network  or you are trying to create new profile.
Does it happen to all user or some user
	1. Verify if the roaming/RDS/mandatory profile is reachable over the network
	2. Check if user profile already exists (as first logon profile does not exist)
	3. Registry:(create a reg key with users sid under below reg key)
Hkey_local_machine\software\microsoft\windows NT\currentVersion\profilelist

FILE SYSTEM: (create a folder under c:\user folder and then copy the default profile)
Source location of all profile:c:user\default
Location of all profiles: c:\users\<username>

Load the Ntuser.dat from

Check if the user profile already exists. Check if Ntuser.dat exist
Registry: create a reg key with users sid under the below reg key if not preset 

Profile deletion:
Unsupported method
Manually cleaning up or deleting the user profile data in c:\user\username
Manually cleaning up the users SID in the profile list key
Using script or PowerShell to detect the logic of the stale profile and manually cleaning up the profile
